JAVA:

Design Patterns
Core Java, Spring, Webservices
Internal Working oh hashmap ?
Difference between concurrent hashmap and hashmap ?
Java 8 features and flatmap ?
Different types of lock ?
Authorization and authentication in my project
1. What New Features Were Added in Java 8?
2. How Streams differ from collections?
3. What is the use of Functional Interface in Java 8? When to use Functional Interface in Java 8?
4. What is the need of static method in Interface ?
5. What is the need of having a default method in an interface ?
6. What is Lambda Expression in Java 8
7. What is Method Reference in Java 8?
8. What are different types of Method References in Java 8?
9. Why to use Optional in Java 8?
10. What is Optional in Java 8?

Please follow below link to find the answers of these questions :
Top 20 interview questions on Java 8 feature - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/07/java-8-feature-interview-questions.html

Please follow below url to find Java 8 Lambda questions - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/08/java-8-lambda-expression-interview.html

Please follow below url to find Java 8 programming questions :
Top 10 programming questions asked on Java 8 features - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/07/java-8-programming-interview-questions.html

Written Test :: topics from core JAVA,Spring,Hibernate,Junits,Spring Boot.
Technical Round :
1.which one to choose : static or singleton pattern.
2. need to overload any method . will it not create confusion with the names.
3. what is cyclic dependency.Impact of cyclic dependency on applcation.
how to get rid of it?
4.describe any design pattern .why chose that pattern and its advantages
5.what is is-a and has-has a relationship
6.write code for singleton pattern.

1. Could you describe your recent project. (Architecture, role), What was most difficult during development.
2. If we have static method in class, is it thread safe?
3. How can you assess your java knowledge? from 1 to 10
4. Java memory management
5. write method that will reverse string
6. We have a in-bound and out-bound queue and between is a multithreaded logic that threads take a messages from in-bound queue and write to outbound queue. Propose solution that messages from outbound queue will be available in he same order as data in in-bound queue
7. Then he told me about 2 roles avilable in the bank, and asked me which one I prefer and why.

Data Structures,Immutability,Hashing,Comparator

asked mostly on multi threading and collections

Find missing element in list of array

Data base query optimization

Finding duplicate numbers in array

hey asked about Multithread concepts, ThreadPool, Asserting, JDBC, Hibernate advantages and mapping configuration.
